like my overall impact on like animal
agriculture is gonna be like really
really really small if I personally just
become a vegan like maybe you're coming
from you lying about being big yes but
it's not it's not that small do you
thing because you know you're a public
figure yo you know hundreds of thousands
of followers you have millions of yeah
but whatever you're a pioneer of like
church but it's not enough to offset a
big ok it's not enough to offset like
the like the huge loss that I would
endure personally [ __ ] good a lot of
good ass [ __ ] food that vegans can't
eat and it's like a measurable loss and
I'll be able to have that yeah you can
still have food that tastes good as like
meat no they're all subsidies
they're really bad they're not good well
we'll have you tried beyond me
yep and the impossible burger and
everything I sure have Andy Fossum hmm
okay it's not guys nowhere near it's
okay
like if I just want like it whatever
burger it's okay but it's nowhere near
as good as I can actually juicy [ __ ]
like burger and sirloin or whatever or
it's not myself at all it's the same
thing with like when we argue about legs
said people should generally do what
they can so people don't get hurt okay
hold on okay this is why I was hesitant
answer that question okay so when I say
that people should generally do what
they can to make it so people can hurt
I'm gonna have to amend us hearing okay
I know you can use kiss me like when I
say generally what I mean is like within
like a reasonable scope so for instance
I don't think that people should donate
every single dollar they have to save
starving children in Africa I don't
think that's reasonable okay
or probably lastly sorry I was talking I
don't think people should donate every
single penny they have to like starving
children in Africa okay even though that
would generally probably be a good thing
I don't think that's reasonable right
because okay I agree okay so like for
instance like I also am in favor of
higher tax policy I'm not gonna donate
more of my taxes of federal government
just for memes cuz I don't think it'll
accomplish any on its own same thing
with like going like vegan I don't think
that going vegan on its own is gonna
necessarily like do any do enough to
make up for like the large offset of
personal losses right that's why I'm not
gonna do it like I'll advocate for
taking positions ethically and I'll say
that for like animal agriculture and
[ __ ] and environmental stuff we should
vote against it but personally going
vegan represents enough of a measurably
bad change in my life that I'm not
willing to do it just because I might
influence people be able to go vegan
okay so you address two issues the first
one is practicality I agree we do the
people who can are not able to like
don't donate like every every cent of
their dog like poor African children
that's not a reasonable impractical take
which is why going vegan is cheaper it's
it's not expensive was like eating meat
so you you really have nothing to lose
and everything to gain it's better it's
better for the environment it's
healthier for you how do you can say I
have nothing to lose me I'm gonna gain I
like eating meat it like meals are a big
part of my life yeah for a few short
weeks the cattle feed on crops of native
grasses then forage and water the
essential raw materials of the beef
production line
so I still don't get way to disagree
with it you you agreed that people
should generally do what's practicable
and reasonable so the people and I would
argue that me giving up it's not a
practical reasonable thing there is it's
me not even made like me not eating me
me not eating me not eating meat like
you're just like you don't care about
that like and I understand why you
personally don't but like yes yes but
you agreed you through example that
people should can't donate money to
Africa this is not practicable or
reasonable
why no no you know it's not that it's
not practically reasonable it's that it
represents like a huge personal harm to
them and I don't think it accomplishes
enough good yes for the personal are
there's no huge personal harm there is
though I really like eating meat that's
a huge personal harder meat is not
eating meat anymore really you really
what if I like I really like making fun
of trans and black people and and women
Lee you can make the same argument
against for that ok and if you were
living a good no no no but the
difference is that in a society that we
have today right like these things are
not things that are these are like hotly
contested issues so like for instance I
might make like the same argument like
500 years ago hold on one second
I might make the argument like 500 years
ago to be like if somebody said like oh
well should I be pro or anti slavery or
whatever and if some guy decides to be
anti slavery it causes him to be
ostracized from his whole family like
everybody hates him he has no life he
gets fired from his job blah blah blah
blah blah like in those cases I would
make the same argument right
we're like be if being anti slavery
carry with it like a massive personal
cost whatever that was so much more than
like just taking a more moral position
alright I said yeah sure the moral and
philosophical argument in this case is
the least interesting part of the video
you guys already know the question we
have to ask is who has suffered less
yeah you know what you might have
historically lived in a country where
debating slavery wasn't just a debate on
the Internet
it wasn't just a you know a GoFundMe
page we had to click
button and donate money to make
something happen wasn't used to
referendum you have to vote on if you
wanted to abolish slavery in the United
States for a certain generation the
question was would you or would you not
fight in a civil war and the willingness
to fight in war is not the same as their
willingness to kill somebody it's really
easy to romanticize war in these ways a
large number of people in war never
really see combat or even if they're
there at the battle they're not right on
the Battlefront but war historically
involved going hungry it involved a
devastation of cities you know even in
the Korean War one of the most common
anecdotes was of people eating
toothpaste so that a tube of toothpaste
because they were starving to death you
know provisions ran out they know the
hardships of war very often have nothing
to do with violence they're the indirect
consequences of violence that because of
violence elsewhere you have no water no
food no electricity
none of the comforts of home so yeah if
you want to abolish slavery in many
cases historically it involved something
as extremist war even in countries where
it wasn't accomplishment war where was
accomplished through you know government
policy from the top down normally very
interesting history a very interesting
struggle that involve tremendous
personal sacrifice we have the people
were going to amplify that test the
philosophical side of this video it's so
simple it doesn't even seem worth my
while the bothers saying it
this guy destiny I've spoken to him
directly three times I think the first
time I didn't even know who he was I was
in a like a group conversation on disk
or other people talking and I could sort
of tell other people thought of him as
famous or a big deal so then like you
know I went and googled to figure out
who he was in a sense I still don't know
who he is I mean you know in the 21st
century people are famous just for being
famous I've never even heard it said
that this guy is especially good at
playing video games
apparently he became internet
personality by playing video games and
what he's ended up doing is creating a
discussion group discord on discord two
scores the application he has a
discussion group were a lot of kind of
mainstream left people left of center
people gathered inside politics I joined
that discord server very briefly I
joined in the discussions there because
Caleb spoke highly of it Caleb as the
YouTube channel
Faraday speaks I thought okay I'll give
it a chance and you know what while I
think destiny himself is an imbecile
he's just a person I've I've never seen
him say anything intelligent I've never
seen him do anything intelligent I've
never seen any evidence that he does
original research or anything else they
make him worthless to do on that discord
forum I think there are a lot of
intelligent and sincere people there
were a lot of people there are trying to
learn new things and trying to challenge
themselves I saw a lot of evidence of
you know personal growth and sincere
interaction of people there and I was
kicked out I was banned
I was permanently banned from that
discord group nothing to do with
veganism nothing to do with the politics
someone of this four group was insisting
they were really angry but if they were
insisting there was no medical harm
caused by using marijuana that's
something I've talked about on this
YouTube channel pastors like no there is
very real scientific evidence that
marijuana does cause brain damage causes
other forms of Ascona and I suppose the
person I was talking to was a moderator
what have you but I was kicked out and
for that reason and with no further
explanation so my own interactions of
this guy destiny or otherwise you know
not that interesting to recall or
reflect on the reality is in politics
most of all or dealing with is highly
emotive thinking it's motivated
reasoning its reasoning that's not
reasonable because people are only
interested in offering a justification
for their desires when the human mind is
May
servant to the bodies desires it's no
better than any other bludgeoning
instrument I mean really people like to
disrespect my truth but the fact is that
you know my name is I don't know